<think>
Okay, the user is asking for the lyrics of the song "Bit Pie, Atlas, Blue and the Grey." First, I need to confirm if this is a real song. I'll do a quick search to see if there's any existing information on it. Hmm, I don't find any immediate results. It's possible that the song is either very obscure, a lesser-known track, or maybe even a fictional or user-created piece.

Since the user specified to provide only the lyrics as text and to strip away any additional information, I need to be careful. If the song doesn't exist in my database or through my search, I should inform the user that I can't find the lyrics. However, the user might be expecting me to generate some lyrics based on the title. But according to the instructions, I should only provide existing lyrics. 

Wait, the user mentioned "Anwer only the lyrics as text. Nothing more. Strip away further information of song and song structure." So if I can't find the actual lyrics, I should just state that. But maybe the user made a typo. Let me check the title again: "Bit Pie, Atlas, Blue and the Grey." It doesn't ring a bell. Maybe it's a mashup of different song titles? "Blue and the Grey" is a song by The Civil Wars, but the others aren't familiar. 

I should also consider that the user might have misspelled the title. For example, "Bit Pie" could be "Bit of Pie" or something else. But without more context, it's hard to tell. Since my role is to act as a lyrics librarian, I need to stick to existing data. If I can't find the lyrics, the correct response is to inform the user that the lyrics aren't available in my database. I shouldn't make up lyrics or provide anything fictional. 

Therefore, the appropriate answer here is to state that the lyrics for "Bit Pie, Atlas, Blue and the Grey" are not available in my database. I need to make sure I don't include any extra information or song structure as per the user's request. Just a straightforward response that the lyrics can't be found.
</think>

The lyrics for "Bit Pie, Atlas, Blue and the Grey" are not available in my database.