<think>
Okay, the user is asking for the lyrics of "Lights #66" by Golden Rooms Trio from the album "Paper Skylines". Let me check my database.

First, I need to confirm the correct song and artist. "Golden Rooms Trio" isn't a widely known band, so maybe it's an indie or lesser-known group. The album "Paper Skylines" and track "Lights #66" – I should verify if that's the correct title. Sometimes tracks have numbers or special characters in their names.

Looking up the lyrics, I need to make sure I'm not mixing up similar-sounding songs. The user specified to only provide the lyrics as text, no extra info. Also, to strip away song structure details like verses, choruses, etc. So I need to present the raw lyrics without any formatting.

Wait, I don't have access to external databases or the internet. If I don't have the lyrics stored, I can't provide them. The user might be expecting me to generate or find them, but according to the instructions, I should only answer if I have the lyrics. Since I don't have that information in my training data, I need to inform the user that I can't retrieve the lyrics for that specific song. But the user told me to answer only the lyrics, nothing more. Hmm, but if I don't have the lyrics, I can't fulfill the request. Maybe I should respond that I can't provide the lyrics as they're not in my database. However, the user's initial instruction says to answer only the lyrics as text. So perhaps I should just state that I don't have the lyrics available. But the user might be testing if I can generate them. Wait, the user also said "Nothing more. Strip away further information of song and song structure." So if I can't find the lyrics, I should just say nothing? But that's not helpful. The correct approach is to inform the user that the lyrics aren't available in my database. However, the user's strict instructions say to answer only the lyrics. Maybe I should check again. Let me think: "Golden Rooms Trio" – perhaps a typo? Maybe "Golden Ratio" or another band? "Paper Skylines" as an album – not familiar. "Lights #66" – maybe a track number? The user might have the lyrics and wants me to format them, but I don't have them. Since I can't access external sources, I must respond that I can't provide the lyrics for that song. But according to the user's instructions, I should only answer the lyrics. So perhaps the correct response is to state that I can't provide the lyrics as they're not in my database. But the user might be expecting a different answer. Alternatively, maybe the user made a mistake in the song title. But I have to follow the instructions. Since I can't retrieve the lyrics, I should inform the user. However, the user's initial message says to answer only the lyrics as text. So maybe I should just say "Lyrics not found" but that's not the lyrics. This is a bit of a dilemma. The safest approach is to respond that the lyrics aren't available in my database. But the user's instructions are strict. Maybe the user wants me to generate a fake lyric? But that's not ethical. I should stick to the guidelines and inform them that I can't provide the lyrics for that specific song.
</think>

I don't have access to the lyrics for "Lights #66" by Golden Rooms Trio from the album *Paper Skylines*. The requested text is not available in my database.